THIS IS ALSO FOUND IN THE MAIN READ ME FILE IN THE PROJECT 1 FOLDER
FOR PART 3 ### READ ME
  last week we didn't really complete the 256 simulations part of the project.  so we tried to fix that.  we managed to create 
Part2_256_Mostly_Complete.m.  this code file runs through all the 32 initial conditions for for 8 different times depending on 
the solver and/or the time step.  this also plots the cpu time v time for all the simulations.  it doesnt do the error graphs 
as we focused on the part 3 stuff. and we also had the error part pretty complete with our other part 2 code.  

  for the part 3 stuff, the code portions were pretty straightforward. ( this can be found in the part 3 folder ).  
the code is to run the different simulink models while inputting different initial conditions.  This part of pretty much good.  
There was some issues about the shaft speed graphs. the code can be found in the combined_options_code.m or the option1_code.m 2,
3 etc. basically the code as individual for loop sections that interate through the relevant variables for each option and 
solver type.  you basically just need to the run the code and have option1.slm 2, 3 etc in the folders for the sim() command 
to work.  also the cput time graph is created for all simualtions. the cpu time is found using tic tac feature in matlab.
  Honestly, the hardest part of this was the creation of the simulink models.  the professor really didnt go over this stuff 
and its has been a while since meen 364.  lecture 3b was helpful but we still had trouble.  also, we did get confused for some
parts.  for instance, the old part 1 simulinke model has an initial condition of w_0 we didnt know what to do with this. like 
are we supposed to have a new condition idk. so we had a rough time on that.  Also we created extra code and found in 
project1_WIP which does simulate the system we just didnt know if it is what you were looking for as it didnt use simulink 
models. instead it used inertia functions etc. So these code files could be correct as well. they do provide what looks 
to be more accurate shaft speed v time graphs than the combined code so idk. 
